.\" Manpage for pipes.sh
.\" Report errors or typos to https://github.com/pipeseroni/pipes.sh
.TH pipes.sh 6 "4 May 2015" "1.1.0" "pipes.sh man page"

.SH NAME
pipes.sh \- animated pipes terminal screensaver

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B pipes.sh
[\fIOPTION\fR]...

.SH DESCRIPTION
A bash script which draws randomly pathed pipes over the terminal. Generally used either as a functional screensaver or for amusement.

.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below. For a more complete description and examples see the GitHub page linked to in the see also section.
.TP 5
.B -p [1-]
Number of pipes. (default is 1)
.TP
.B -t [#]
Determines the type of pipes to be drawn. Multiple arguments can be used. (default is 0)
.TP
.B -t c[16 chars]
Use custom type of pipes.
.TP
.B -f [20-100]
Frame rate. (default is 75)
.TP
.B -s [5-15]
Probability of straight fitting. (default is 13)
.TP
.B -r [LIMIT]
Resets the drawing after [LIMIT] characters. If no limit is specified then it takes the value 0. (default is 2000) 
.TP
.B -R
Random starting point.
.TP
.B -B
No bold effect.
.TP
.B -C
No color.
.TP
.B -h
Displays a help message.
.TP
.B -v
Prints the version number.

.SH BUGS
Please see current issues on
.UR https\://\:github.com/pipeseroni/pipes.sh/issues
issue tracker
.UE ,
and report any bugs or request feature you'd like.

.SH AUTHORS
The original author of
.B pipes.sh
is unknown.
This version is maintained by
.MT livibetter@\:gmail.com
Yu-Jie Lin
.ME
since 2013 on
.UR https\://\:github.com/pipeseroni/pipes.sh
GitHub
.UE .
This manual page was written by
.MT joshua.h.fogg@\:gmail.com
Joshua Fogg
.ME .
